76 TALES AT BEDTIME

fetched the day before. Mr. Lan gham climbed up
it and gave a cry of disgust.

“You haven’t cleaned the shelf at all! But here
is the payment I left for you to find. I thought
your mother would love to share it with you.”

He brought down a large box of chocolates—but
he didn’t give them to Tom. Tom felt so ashamed
of himself that he couldn’t even look at the old
man.

“And now for the last payments,” said Mr.
Langham. “Come along. Did you put the new
straw into the nesting-boxes?”

“Yes, sir,” said Tom.

“But I suppose you were too lazy to pull out the
old straw first?” said Mr. Langham.

“Yes, sir,” said Tom, in a very low voice indeed.

Mr. Langham took him into the hen-house.
He pulled out both the new and old straw from
the first box—and there lay a bright new sixpence!
He did the same with the last box—and there were
three new pennies, round and shining. Mr.
Langham picked them up and put them into his
own pocket. be

“You can go,” he said to Tom. “TI will tell the
Scoutmaster why I gave you no payment. Boys
like you shouldn’t be Cubs and promise to do a
good deed every day. Look at the bad ones you did

sh
ie

rte 24s.

_ TOM THE SCOUT-CUB 77

yesterday! You shouldn’t be allowed to be in the
Cubs. You had better resign at once.”

Tom was horrified. What would the Scout-

master say? What would his mother say? And
the boys? He caught hold of Mr. Langham’s arm.

“Sir, listen! I like being a Cub. It’s fun. Pm
sorry about those jobs. Please, please, sir, give me
some more jobs to do and I’ll do them well,
without any payment at all—and I’ll take a shil-
ling out of my own money-box to pay into the
Scout’s Fund.”

“How am I to believe a deceitful boy like you?”
said Mr. Langham.

“Tdon’t know. But please do, sir,” begged Tom.
“T tell you, I want to be a Cub. I can’t bear to be
turned out.”

“Yes—but the thing is—do you want to be a
good Cub—and later on a first-class Scout?” said
Mr. Langham. “That’s what matters.”

“Yes, I do. And I will, if you’ll give me a
chance,” said Tom. “I couldn’t bear anyone to
hear about this—and how I didn’t find any of the
payments. Think of some more jobs for me, sir
—hard ones, long ones. I’ll soon show you!”

Well, Mr. Langham did think of some—and
they were hard and long ones—with no payment
at all.

-

